gcloud-version: add page (#11647)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/common/gcloud-version.md

# gcloud-version

> > Print version information for CLI components.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Print version information for Google Cloud CLI components.
```

> More information: <https://cloud.google.com/sdk/gcloud/reference/version>.

> - Print the version information for each CLI component:

Reviewer: How about this?

```suggestion
- Print the version information for all installed components, along with available updates to them:
```
